Add a section to configuration docs for Unified Alerting screenshots. (#50373)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

<hr>

## [unified_alerting.screenshots]

### capture

> Enable screenshots in notifications. This option requires a remote HTTP image rendering service. For more configuration options, refer to [[rendering]]({{< relref "#rendering">}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable screenshots in notifications. This option requires a remote HTTP image rendering service. For more configuration options, refer to [[rendering]]({{< relref "#rendering">}}). The default value is `false`.
```

### max_concurrent_screenshots

The maximum number of screenshots that can be taken at the same time. This option is different from
concurrent_render_request_limit.  
* max_concurrent_screenshots sets the number of concurrent screenshots
that can be taken at the same time for all firing alerts.

> * concurrent_render_request_limit sets the total number of concurrent screenshots across all Grafana services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* concurrent_render_request_limit sets the total number of concurrent screenshots across all Grafana services.

The default value is `5`.
```

### upload_external_image_storage

> Uploads screenshots to the local Grafana server or remote storage such as Azure, S3 and GCS. For more configuration options, refer to [[external_image_storage]]({{< relref "#external_image_storage" >}}). If this option is false,screenshots will be persisted to disk for up to temp_data_lifetime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploads screenshots to the local Grafana server or remote storage such as Azure, S3 and GCS. For more configuration options, refer to [[external_image_storage]]({{< relref "#external_image_storage" >}}). If this option is false,screenshots will be persisted to disk for up to temp_data_lifetime. The default value is `false`.
```

<hr>

## [unified_alerting.screenshots]

### capture

> Enable screenshots in notifications. This option requires a remote HTTP image rendering service. Please see [[rendering]]({{< relref "#rendering">}}) for further configuration options.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable screenshots in notifications. This option requires a remote HTTP image rendering service. For more configuration options, refer to [[rendering]]({{< relref "#rendering">}}).

```

### max_concurrent_screenshots

> The maximum number of screenshots that can be taken at the same time. This option is different from
> concurrent_render_request_limit as max_concurrent_screenshots sets the number of concurrent screenshots
> that can be taken at the same time for all firing alerts where as concurrent_render_request_limit sets
> the total number of concurrent screenshots across all Grafana services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The maximum number of screenshots that can be taken at the same time. This option is different from
concurrent_render_request_limit.  
* max_concurrent_screenshots sets the number of concurrent screenshots
that can be taken at the same time for all firing alerts.
* concurrent_render_request_limit sets the total number of concurrent screenshots across all Grafana services.
```

### upload_external_image_storage

> Uploads screenshots to the local Grafana server or remote storage such as Azure, S3 and GCS. Please
> see [[external_image_storage]]({{< relref "#external_image_storage" >}}) for further configuration options. If this option is false then
> screenshots will be persisted to disk for up to temp_data_lifetime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Uploads screenshots to the local Grafana server or remote storage such as Azure, S3 and GCS. For more configuration options, refer to [[external_image_storage]]({{< relref "#external_image_storage" >}}). If this option is false,screenshots will be persisted to disk for up to temp_data_lifetime.
```
